= Perception: Human perceptible printouts
http://bklippstein.github.com/perception/frames.html

Welcome to Perception. It's a intuitive toolkit for simple everyday debugging. 
Perception offers a powerfull replacement for print, puts and pp and is an alternative to Awesome Print.

You get auto-intended and structured output on your console without any configuration.

Perception also offers temporary printouts (overwritten by the next print), printing two informations 
in one line without destroying the structure and optionally slows down printing to readable speed, 
depending on the complexity of the output.


== see: Powerfull replacement for print, puts and pp
{include:Object#see}
More: {Object#see}

== log: use logging without configuration
You can use log instead of see, the formating is the same. 
The log directory and the logfile are automatically created if necessary.

More: {Object#log log}, {Object#rawlog rawlog}, {Perception::SeeSession#logger seee.logger}

== Intelligent round: slash needless digits 
{include:Perception::NumericI#significant}
More: {Perception::NumericI#significant significant}

== Easily human readable numbers 
{include:Perception::NumericI#inspect_see}
More: {Perception::NumericI#inspect_see inspect_see}


== Examples and Demos
* {file:demo/Example_Output_1.rb}
* {file:demo/Example_Output_2.rb} 
* {file:demo/demo3.rb} (interactive)


== More Info
* *Documentation*: {http://bklippstein.github.com/drumherum/frames.html github.com/drumherum}
* *Source* *code*: {https://github.com/bklippstein/drumherum github.com/bklippstein/drumherum}
* *License*: {http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/de/deed.en cc-by-sa Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Germany}
* *Autor*: {mailto:klippstein@klippstein.com Björn Klippstein}


== Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.